Update qt doc links (#12706)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/wfa_qt_app/README.rst

You can choose either of these options for running QuickTrack certification.

> See `Wi-Fi Alliance Certification for nRF70`_ for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See `Wi-Fi Alliance Certification for nRF70 Series`_ for more information.
```

.. code-block:: console

>    ./tunslip6 -s /dev/ttyACM4 -T 2001:db8::1/64

Reviewer 2: Please include the procedure to install tunslip6.

   [00:00:00.835,327] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported
   [00:00:00.835,937] <inf> usb_ecm: Set Interface 0 Packet Filter 0x000e not supported

.. note::

>    For running one Security Vulnerability Detection test case (Test case ID: 10003_2), please set Data Packet Type to ICMP in the Test Case Global Configuration section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For running one Security Vulnerability Detection test case (Test case ID: 10003_2), set **Data Packet Type** to **ICMP** in the **Test Case Global Configuration** section of the QuickTrack Test Tool.
```

Reviewer: Please remove "please".

Author: Removing this complete change as it not needed.
